docs/cookbook.md, before:

# Temporal Cookbook

## Overview

<!-- toc -->

## Running the cookbook files

Running cookbook files: see instructions in [../polyfill/README.md](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/tree/main/polyfill#running-cookbook-files)

## Frequently Asked Questions

These are some of the most common tasks that people ask questions about on StackOverflow with legacy Date.
Here's how they would look using Temporal.

### Current date and time

How to get the current date and time in the local time zone?

```javascript
{{cookbook/getCurrentDate.mjs}}
```

Note that if you just want the date and not the time, you should use `Temporal.Date`.
If you want both, use `Temporal.DateTime`.

### Unix timestamp

How to get a Unix timestamp?

```javascript
{{cookbook/getTimeStamp.mjs}}
```

## Converting between Temporal types and legacy Date

### Absolute from legacy Date

Map a legacy ECMAScript Date instance into a Temporal.Absolute instance corresponding to the same instant in absolute time.

```javascript
{{cookbook/absoluteFromLegacyDate.mjs}}
```

## Construction

### Time zone object from name

`Temporal.TimeZone.from()` can convert an IANA time zone name into a `Temporal.TimeZone` object.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getTimeZoneObjectFromIanaName.mjs}}
```

### Calendar input element

You can use Temporal objects to set properties on a calendar control.
Here is an example using an HTML `<input type="date">` element with any day beyond “today” disabled and not selectable.

<input type="date" id="calendar-input">

<script type="text/javascript">
{{cookbook/calendarInput.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/calendarInput.js}}
```

## Converting between types

### Noon on a particular date

An example of combining a calendar date (`Temporal.Date`) and a wall-clock time (`Temporal.Time`) into a `Temporal.DateTime`.

```javascript
{{cookbook/noonOnDate.mjs}}
```

### Birthday in 2030

An example of combining a day on the calendar (`Temporal.MonthDay`) and a year into a `Temporal.Date`.

```javascript
{{cookbook/birthdayIn2030.mjs}}
```

## Serialization

### Zoned instant from instant and time zone

Use the optional parameter of `Temporal.Absolute.prototype.toString()` to map a Temporal.Absolute instance and a time zone name into a string serialization of the local time in that zone corresponding to the instant in absolute time.

Without the parameter, `Temporal.Absolute.prototype.toString()` gives a serialization in UTC time.
Using the parameter is useful if you need your serialized strings to be in a specific time zone.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getParseableZonedStringAtInstant.mjs}}
```

## Sorting

Each Temporal type has a `compare()` static method, which can be passed to `Array.prototype.sort()` as the compare function in order to sort an array of Temporal types.

### Sort DateTimes

Sort a list of `Temporal.DateTime`s, for example in order to get a conference schedule in the correct order.
Sorting other Temporal types would work exactly the same way as this.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getSortedLocalDateTimes.mjs}}
```

### Sort ISO date/time strings

Sort a list of ISO 8601 date/time strings, for example to place log entries in order.

```javascript
{{cookbook/sortAbsoluteInstants.mjs}}
```

## Rounding

### Round a time down to whole hours

Use the `with()` method of each Temporal type (except `Temporal.Absolute`) if you want to round or balance the fields.
Here's an example of rounding a time _down_ to the previously occurring whole hour:

```javascript
{{cookbook/roundDownToWholeHours.mjs}}
```

`Temporal.Absolute` is an absolute timestamp and doesn't have any concept of a calendar or wall clock, so it can't be rounded to a certain field value.
If you need to round a `Temporal.Absolute` instance, convert it to a type such as `Temporal.DateTime`.

## Time zone conversion

### Preserving local time

Map a zoneless date and time of day into a `Temporal.Absolute` instance at which the local date and time of day in a specified time zone matches it.
This is easily done with `dateTime.toAbsolute()`, but here is an example of implementing different disambiguation behaviors than the `'compatible'`, `'earlier'`, `'later'`, and `'reject'` ones built in to Temporal.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getInstantWithLocalTimeInZone.mjs}}
```

### Preserving absolute instant

Map a zoned date and time of day into a string serialization of the local time in a target zone at the corresponding instant in absolute time.
This could be used when converting user-input date-time values between time zones.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getParseableZonedStringWithLocalTimeInOtherZone.mjs}}
```

Here is another example similar to the previous one, using the time zone for future events.
The times and locations of a series of future meetings are stored as a pair of strings: one for the calendar date and wall-clock time, and one for the time zone.
They cannot be stored as an absolute point in UTC because between now and the time when the event happens, the time zone rules for daylight saving time could change &mdash; for example, Brazil abolished daylight saving time in 2019 &mdash; but the meeting would still be held at the same wall-clock time on that date.
So if the time zone rules changed, the event's absolute point in time would change.

This example calculates the starting times of all the Ecma TC39 meetings in 2019, in local time in Tokyo.

```javascript
{{cookbook/localTimeForFutureEvents.mjs}}
```

### Daily occurrence in local time

Similar to the previous recipe, calculate the absolute times of a daily occurrence that happens at a particular local time in a particular time zone.

```javascript
{{cookbook/calculateDailyOccurrence.mjs}}
```

### UTC offset for a zoned event, as a string

Use `Temporal.TimeZone.getOffsetStringFor()` to map a `Temporal.Absolute` instance and a time zone into the UTC offset at that instant in that time zone, as a string.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getUtcOffsetStringAtInstant.mjs}}
```

### UTC offset for a zoned event, as a number of seconds

Similarly, use `Temporal.TimeZone.getOffsetNanosecondsFor()` to do the same thing for the offset as a number of seconds.
(Remember to divide by 10<sup>9</sup> to convert nanoseconds to seconds.)

```javascript
{{cookbook/getUtcOffsetSecondsAtInstant.mjs}}
```

### Offset between two time zones at an instant

Also using `Temporal.TimeZone.getOffsetNanosecondsFor()`, we can map a `Temporal.Absolute` instance and two time zones into the signed difference of UTC offsets between those time zones at that instant, as a number of seconds.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getUtcOffsetDifferenceSecondsAtInstant.mjs}}
```

### Dealing with dates and times in a fixed location

Here is an example of Temporal used in a graph, showing fictitious activity for a storage tank in a fixed location (Stockholm, Sweden).
The graph always starts at midnight in the tank's location, but the graph labels are in the viewer's time zone.

<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/chart.js@2.9.3/dist/Chart.min.js"></script>

<canvas id="storage-tank" width="600" height="400"></canvas>

<script type="text/javascript">
// Generate fictitious "data"
const start = Temporal.now.absolute().minus({ hours: 24 });
const blank = Array(24 * 12);
const tankDataX = Array.from(blank, (_, ix) => start.plus({ minutes: ix * 5 }));
const tankDataY = Array.from(blank);
tankDataY[0] = 25;
for (let ix = 1; ix < tankDataY.length; ix++) {
  tankDataY[ix] = Math.max(0, tankDataY[ix - 1] + 3 * (Math.random() - 0.5));
}

{{cookbook/storageTank.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/storageTank.js}}
```

### Book a meeting across time zones

Across the web there are several tools for finding meeting times that are appropriate for all the participants' time zones, such as [World Time Buddy](https://www.worldtimebuddy.com/), [World Clock Meeting Planner](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meeting.html), and built into various calendar software.

<style>
  #meeting-planner {
    border-collapse: separate;
    border-spacing: 0 10px;
    font-size: 0.6rem;
    text-align: center;
  }

  /* https://materializecss.com/color.html */
  .time-0, .time-1, .time-2, .time-3, .time-4, .time-5,
  .time-22, .time-23 {
    background-color: #ef9a9a;  /* red lighten-3 */
    border-color: #e57373;  /* red lighten-2 */
    border-style: solid;
    border-width: 0 1px;
  }
  .time-6, .time-7, .time-18, .time-19, .time-20, .time-21 {
    background-color: #fff59d;  /* yellow lighten-3 */
    border-color: #ffd54f;  /* amber lighten-2 */
    border-style: solid;
    border-width: 0 1px;
  }
  .time-8, .time-9, .time-10, .time-11, .time-12, .time-13,
  .time-14, .time-15, .time-16, .time-17 {
    background-color: #a5d6a7;  /* green lighten-3 */
    border-color: #81c784;  /* green lighten-2 */
    border-style: solid;
    border-width: 0 1px;
  }

  .time-0 {
    border-bottom-left-radius: 12px;
    border-left-color: white;
    border-left-width: 2px;
    border-top-left-radius: 12px;
    font-weight: bold;
  }
  .time-23 {
    border-bottom-right-radius: 12px;
    border-right-color: white;
    border-right-width: 2px;
    border-top-right-radius: 12px;
  }

  .time-current {
    border: 2px solid black;
  }
</style>

<table id="meeting-planner">
</table>

<script type="text/javascript" id="meeting-planner-source">
{{cookbook/meetingPlanner.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/meetingPlanner.js}}
```

## Arithmetic

### How many days until a future date

An example HTML form inspired by [Days Calculator](https://www.timeanddate.com/date/durationresult.html) on timeanddate.com:

<form action="#how-many-days-until-a-future-date">
  <label>
    Enter future date:
    <input type="date" name="futuredate">
  </label>
  <button>Submit</button>
</form>

<div id="futuredate-results"></div>

<script type="text/javascript">
{
  // Do initialization that doesn't necessarily need to be included in
  // the example; see 'Calendar input element'
  const futureDatePicker = document.querySelector('input[name="futuredate"]');
  const today = Temporal.now.date();
  futureDatePicker.min = today;
  futureDatePicker.value = today.plus({ months: 1 });
}
{{cookbook/futureDateForm.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/futureDateForm.js}}
```

### Unit-constrained duration between now and a past/future zoned event

Map two Temporal.Absolute instances into an ascending/descending order indicator and a Temporal.Duration instance representing the duration between the two instants without using units coarser than specified (e.g., for presenting a meaningful countdown with vs. without using months or days).

```javascript
{{cookbook/getElapsedDurationSinceInstant.mjs}}
```

### Nearest offset transition in a time zone

Map a Temporal.Absolute instance and a Temporal.TimeZone object into a Temporal.Absolute instance representing the nearest following instant at which there is an offset transition in the time zone (e.g., for setting reminders).

```javascript
{{cookbook/getInstantOfNearestOffsetTransitionToInstant.mjs}}
```

### Comparison of an instant to business hours

This example takes a roster of opening and closing times for a business, and maps a localized date and time of day into a time-sensitive state indicator ("opening soon" vs. "open" vs. "closing soon" vs. "closed").

```javascript
{{cookbook/getBusinessOpenStateText.mjs}}
```

### Flight arrival/departure/duration

Map localized trip departure and arrival times into trip duration in units no larger than hours.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getTripDurationInHrMinSec.mjs}}
```

Map localized departure time and duration into localized arrival time.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getLocalizedArrival.mjs}}
```

### Push back a launch date

Add the number of days it took to get an approval, and advance to the start of the following month.

```javascript
{{cookbook/plusAndRoundToMonthStart.mjs}}
```

### Schedule a reminder ahead of matching a record-setting duration

When considering a record (for example, a personal-best time in a sport), you might want to receive an alert just before the record is about to be broken.
This example takes a record as a `Temporal.Duration`, the starting instant of the current attempt as a `Temporal.Absolute`, and another `Temporal.Duration` indicating how long before the potentially record-setting instant you would like to receive an alert.
It returns the instant at which a notification could be sent, for example "Keep going! 5 more minutes and it will be your personal best!"

This could be used for workout tracking, racing (including _long_ and potentially time-zone-crossing races like the Bullrun Rally, Iditarod, Self-Transcendence 3100, and Clipper Round The World), or even open-ended analogs like event-every-day "streaks".

```javascript
{{cookbook/getInstantBeforeOldRecord.mjs}}
```

### Nth weekday of the month

Example of getting a `Temporal.Date` representing the first Tuesday of the given `Temporal.YearMonth`, adaptable to other weekdays.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getFirstTuesdayOfMonth.mjs}}
```

Given a `Temporal.YearMonth` instance and an ISO 8601 ordinal calendar day of the week ranging from 1 (Monday) to 7 (Sunday), return a chronologically ordered array of `Temporal.Date` instances corresponding with every day in the month that is the specified day of the week (of which there will always be either four or five).

```javascript
{{cookbook/getWeeklyDaysInMonth.mjs}}
```

Given a `Temporal.Date` instance, return the count of preceding days in its month that share its day of the week.

```javascript
{{cookbook/countPrecedingWeeklyDaysInMonth.mjs}}
```

### Manipulating the day of the month

Here are some examples of taking an existing date, and adjusting the day of the month.

```javascript
{{cookbook/adjustDayOfMonth.mjs}}
```

### Same date in another month

Likewise, here are some examples of taking an existing date and adjusting the month, but keeping the day and year the same.

Depending on the behaviour you want, you will need to pick the right `disambiguation` option, but the default of `"constrain"` should be correct for most cases.

```javascript
{{cookbook/adjustMonth.mjs}}
```

### Next weekly occurrence

From a `Temporal.Absolute` instance and a local `Temporal.TimeZone`, get a `Temporal.DateTime` representing the next occurrence of a weekly event that is scheduled on a particular weekday and time in a particular time zone. (For example, "weekly on Thursdays at 08:45 California time").

```javascript
{{cookbook/nextWeeklyOccurrence.mjs}}
```

### Weekday of yearly occurrence

In some countries, when a public holiday falls on a Tuesday or Thursday, an extra "bridge" public holiday is observed on Monday or Friday in order to give workers a long weekend off.
The following example calculates this.

```javascript
{{cookbook/bridgePublicHolidays.mjs}}
```

Commit message:

Allow difference() to return negative durations
This undoes the work in commit d84653ebe0c51b04d0344f19ef8be7a10ab6aad5
although it's not exactly a revert, because the situation before that
was that durations were always positive. We also don't reinstate the
behaviour of never returning a duration larger than 12 hours.

Now, for all types, calling smaller.difference(larger) will result in a
negative duration.

See: #782

docs/cookbook.md, after:

# Temporal Cookbook

## Overview

<!-- toc -->

## Running the cookbook files

Running cookbook files: see instructions in [../polyfill/README.md](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/tree/main/polyfill#running-cookbook-files)

## Frequently Asked Questions

These are some of the most common tasks that people ask questions about on StackOverflow with legacy Date.
Here's how they would look using Temporal.

### Current date and time

How to get the current date and time in the local time zone?

```javascript
{{cookbook/getCurrentDate.mjs}}
```

Note that if you just want the date and not the time, you should use `Temporal.Date`.
If you want both, use `Temporal.DateTime`.

### Unix timestamp

How to get a Unix timestamp?

```javascript
{{cookbook/getTimeStamp.mjs}}
```

## Converting between Temporal types and legacy Date

### Absolute from legacy Date

Map a legacy ECMAScript Date instance into a Temporal.Absolute instance corresponding to the same instant in absolute time.

```javascript
{{cookbook/absoluteFromLegacyDate.mjs}}
```

## Construction

### Time zone object from name

`Temporal.TimeZone.from()` can convert an IANA time zone name into a `Temporal.TimeZone` object.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getTimeZoneObjectFromIanaName.mjs}}
```

### Calendar input element

You can use Temporal objects to set properties on a calendar control.
Here is an example using an HTML `<input type="date">` element with any day beyond “today” disabled and not selectable.

<input type="date" id="calendar-input">

<script type="text/javascript">
{{cookbook/calendarInput.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/calendarInput.js}}
```

## Converting between types

### Noon on a particular date

An example of combining a calendar date (`Temporal.Date`) and a wall-clock time (`Temporal.Time`) into a `Temporal.DateTime`.

```javascript
{{cookbook/noonOnDate.mjs}}
```

### Birthday in 2030

An example of combining a day on the calendar (`Temporal.MonthDay`) and a year into a `Temporal.Date`.

```javascript
{{cookbook/birthdayIn2030.mjs}}
```

## Serialization

### Zoned instant from instant and time zone

Use the optional parameter of `Temporal.Absolute.prototype.toString()` to map a Temporal.Absolute instance and a time zone name into a string serialization of the local time in that zone corresponding to the instant in absolute time.

Without the parameter, `Temporal.Absolute.prototype.toString()` gives a serialization in UTC time.
Using the parameter is useful if you need your serialized strings to be in a specific time zone.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getParseableZonedStringAtInstant.mjs}}
```

## Sorting

Each Temporal type has a `compare()` static method, which can be passed to `Array.prototype.sort()` as the compare function in order to sort an array of Temporal types.

### Sort DateTimes

Sort a list of `Temporal.DateTime`s, for example in order to get a conference schedule in the correct order.
Sorting other Temporal types would work exactly the same way as this.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getSortedLocalDateTimes.mjs}}
```

### Sort ISO date/time strings

Sort a list of ISO 8601 date/time strings, for example to place log entries in order.

```javascript
{{cookbook/sortAbsoluteInstants.mjs}}
```

## Rounding

### Round a time down to whole hours

Use the `with()` method of each Temporal type (except `Temporal.Absolute`) if you want to round or balance the fields.
Here's an example of rounding a time _down_ to the previously occurring whole hour:

```javascript
{{cookbook/roundDownToWholeHours.mjs}}
```

`Temporal.Absolute` is an absolute timestamp and doesn't have any concept of a calendar or wall clock, so it can't be rounded to a certain field value.
If you need to round a `Temporal.Absolute` instance, convert it to a type such as `Temporal.DateTime`.

## Time zone conversion

### Preserving local time

Map a zoneless date and time of day into a `Temporal.Absolute` instance at which the local date and time of day in a specified time zone matches it.
This is easily done with `dateTime.toAbsolute()`, but here is an example of implementing different disambiguation behaviors than the `'compatible'`, `'earlier'`, `'later'`, and `'reject'` ones built in to Temporal.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getInstantWithLocalTimeInZone.mjs}}
```

### Preserving absolute instant

Map a zoned date and time of day into a string serialization of the local time in a target zone at the corresponding instant in absolute time.
This could be used when converting user-input date-time values between time zones.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getParseableZonedStringWithLocalTimeInOtherZone.mjs}}
```

Here is another example similar to the previous one, using the time zone for future events.
The times and locations of a series of future meetings are stored as a pair of strings: one for the calendar date and wall-clock time, and one for the time zone.
They cannot be stored as an absolute point in UTC because between now and the time when the event happens, the time zone rules for daylight saving time could change &mdash; for example, Brazil abolished daylight saving time in 2019 &mdash; but the meeting would still be held at the same wall-clock time on that date.
So if the time zone rules changed, the event's absolute point in time would change.

This example calculates the starting times of all the Ecma TC39 meetings in 2019, in local time in Tokyo.

```javascript
{{cookbook/localTimeForFutureEvents.mjs}}
```

### Daily occurrence in local time

Similar to the previous recipe, calculate the absolute times of a daily occurrence that happens at a particular local time in a particular time zone.

```javascript
{{cookbook/calculateDailyOccurrence.mjs}}
```

### UTC offset for a zoned event, as a string

Use `Temporal.TimeZone.getOffsetStringFor()` to map a `Temporal.Absolute` instance and a time zone into the UTC offset at that instant in that time zone, as a string.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getUtcOffsetStringAtInstant.mjs}}
```

### UTC offset for a zoned event, as a number of seconds

Similarly, use `Temporal.TimeZone.getOffsetNanosecondsFor()` to do the same thing for the offset as a number of seconds.
(Remember to divide by 10<sup>9</sup> to convert nanoseconds to seconds.)

```javascript
{{cookbook/getUtcOffsetSecondsAtInstant.mjs}}
```

### Offset between two time zones at an instant

Also using `Temporal.TimeZone.getOffsetNanosecondsFor()`, we can map a `Temporal.Absolute` instance and two time zones into the signed difference of UTC offsets between those time zones at that instant, as a number of seconds.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getUtcOffsetDifferenceSecondsAtInstant.mjs}}
```

### Dealing with dates and times in a fixed location

Here is an example of Temporal used in a graph, showing fictitious activity for a storage tank in a fixed location (Stockholm, Sweden).
The graph always starts at midnight in the tank's location, but the graph labels are in the viewer's time zone.

<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/chart.js@2.9.3/dist/Chart.min.js"></script>

<canvas id="storage-tank" width="600" height="400"></canvas>

<script type="text/javascript">
// Generate fictitious "data"
const start = Temporal.now.absolute().minus({ hours: 24 });
const blank = Array(24 * 12);
const tankDataX = Array.from(blank, (_, ix) => start.plus({ minutes: ix * 5 }));
const tankDataY = Array.from(blank);
tankDataY[0] = 25;
for (let ix = 1; ix < tankDataY.length; ix++) {
  tankDataY[ix] = Math.max(0, tankDataY[ix - 1] + 3 * (Math.random() - 0.5));
}

{{cookbook/storageTank.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/storageTank.js}}
```

### Book a meeting across time zones

Across the web there are several tools for finding meeting times that are appropriate for all the participants' time zones, such as [World Time Buddy](https://www.worldtimebuddy.com/), [World Clock Meeting Planner](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meeting.html), and built into various calendar software.

<style>
  #meeting-planner {
    border-collapse: separate;
    border-spacing: 0 10px;
    font-size: 0.6rem;
    text-align: center;
  }

  /* https://materializecss.com/color.html */
  .time-0, .time-1, .time-2, .time-3, .time-4, .time-5,
  .time-22, .time-23 {
    background-color: #ef9a9a;  /* red lighten-3 */
    border-color: #e57373;  /* red lighten-2 */
    border-style: solid;
    border-width: 0 1px;
  }
  .time-6, .time-7, .time-18, .time-19, .time-20, .time-21 {
    background-color: #fff59d;  /* yellow lighten-3 */
    border-color: #ffd54f;  /* amber lighten-2 */
    border-style: solid;
    border-width: 0 1px;
  }
  .time-8, .time-9, .time-10, .time-11, .time-12, .time-13,
  .time-14, .time-15, .time-16, .time-17 {
    background-color: #a5d6a7;  /* green lighten-3 */
    border-color: #81c784;  /* green lighten-2 */
    border-style: solid;
    border-width: 0 1px;
  }

  .time-0 {
    border-bottom-left-radius: 12px;
    border-left-color: white;
    border-left-width: 2px;
    border-top-left-radius: 12px;
    font-weight: bold;
  }
  .time-23 {
    border-bottom-right-radius: 12px;
    border-right-color: white;
    border-right-width: 2px;
    border-top-right-radius: 12px;
  }

  .time-current {
    border: 2px solid black;
  }
</style>

<table id="meeting-planner">
</table>

<script type="text/javascript" id="meeting-planner-source">
{{cookbook/meetingPlanner.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/meetingPlanner.js}}
```

## Arithmetic

### How many days until a future date

An example HTML form inspired by [Days Calculator](https://www.timeanddate.com/date/durationresult.html) on timeanddate.com:

<form action="#how-many-days-until-a-future-date">
  <label>
    Enter future date:
    <input type="date" name="futuredate">
  </label>
  <button>Submit</button>
</form>

<div id="futuredate-results"></div>

<script type="text/javascript">
{
  // Do initialization that doesn't necessarily need to be included in
  // the example; see 'Calendar input element'
  const futureDatePicker = document.querySelector('input[name="futuredate"]');
  const today = Temporal.now.date();
  futureDatePicker.min = today;
  futureDatePicker.value = today.plus({ months: 1 });
}
{{cookbook/futureDateForm.js}}
</script>

```javascript
{{cookbook/futureDateForm.js}}
```

### Unit-constrained duration between now and a past/future zoned event

Take the difference between two Temporal.Absolute instances as a Temporal.Duration instance (positive or negative), representing the duration between the two instants without using units coarser than specified (e.g., for presenting a meaningful countdown with vs. without using months or days).

```javascript
{{cookbook/getElapsedDurationSinceInstant.mjs}}
```

### Nearest offset transition in a time zone

Map a Temporal.Absolute instance and a Temporal.TimeZone object into a Temporal.Absolute instance representing the nearest following instant at which there is an offset transition in the time zone (e.g., for setting reminders).

```javascript
{{cookbook/getInstantOfNearestOffsetTransitionToInstant.mjs}}
```

### Comparison of an instant to business hours

This example takes a roster of opening and closing times for a business, and maps a localized date and time of day into a time-sensitive state indicator ("opening soon" vs. "open" vs. "closing soon" vs. "closed").

```javascript
{{cookbook/getBusinessOpenStateText.mjs}}
```

### Flight arrival/departure/duration

Map localized trip departure and arrival times into trip duration in units no larger than hours.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getTripDurationInHrMinSec.mjs}}
```

Map localized departure time and duration into localized arrival time.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getLocalizedArrival.mjs}}
```

### Push back a launch date

Add the number of days it took to get an approval, and advance to the start of the following month.

```javascript
{{cookbook/plusAndRoundToMonthStart.mjs}}
```

### Schedule a reminder ahead of matching a record-setting duration

When considering a record (for example, a personal-best time in a sport), you might want to receive an alert just before the record is about to be broken.
This example takes a record as a `Temporal.Duration`, the starting instant of the current attempt as a `Temporal.Absolute`, and another `Temporal.Duration` indicating how long before the potentially record-setting instant you would like to receive an alert.
It returns the instant at which a notification could be sent, for example "Keep going! 5 more minutes and it will be your personal best!"

This could be used for workout tracking, racing (including _long_ and potentially time-zone-crossing races like the Bullrun Rally, Iditarod, Self-Transcendence 3100, and Clipper Round The World), or even open-ended analogs like event-every-day "streaks".

```javascript
{{cookbook/getInstantBeforeOldRecord.mjs}}
```

### Nth weekday of the month

Example of getting a `Temporal.Date` representing the first Tuesday of the given `Temporal.YearMonth`, adaptable to other weekdays.

```javascript
{{cookbook/getFirstTuesdayOfMonth.mjs}}
```

Given a `Temporal.YearMonth` instance and an ISO 8601 ordinal calendar day of the week ranging from 1 (Monday) to 7 (Sunday), return a chronologically ordered array of `Temporal.Date` instances corresponding with every day in the month that is the specified day of the week (of which there will always be either four or five).

```javascript
{{cookbook/getWeeklyDaysInMonth.mjs}}
```

Given a `Temporal.Date` instance, return the count of preceding days in its month that share its day of the week.

```javascript
{{cookbook/countPrecedingWeeklyDaysInMonth.mjs}}
```

### Manipulating the day of the month

Here are some examples of taking an existing date, and adjusting the day of the month.

```javascript
{{cookbook/adjustDayOfMonth.mjs}}
```

### Same date in another month

Likewise, here are some examples of taking an existing date and adjusting the month, but keeping the day and year the same.

Depending on the behaviour you want, you will need to pick the right `disambiguation` option, but the default of `"constrain"` should be correct for most cases.

```javascript
{{cookbook/adjustMonth.mjs}}
```

### Next weekly occurrence

From a `Temporal.Absolute` instance and a local `Temporal.TimeZone`, get a `Temporal.DateTime` representing the next occurrence of a weekly event that is scheduled on a particular weekday and time in a particular time zone. (For example, "weekly on Thursdays at 08:45 California time").

```javascript
{{cookbook/nextWeeklyOccurrence.mjs}}
```

### Weekday of yearly occurrence

In some countries, when a public holiday falls on a Tuesday or Thursday, an extra "bridge" public holiday is observed on Monday or Friday in order to give workers a long weekend off.
The following example calculates this.

```javascript
{{cookbook/bridgePublicHolidays.mjs}}
```
